betty
betty betty
where are you
i'm right here dear
betty guess what
you are getting a dog huh
no you're getting married
what no
okay i can't guess
look at this
wow it's a check for 100
it's my prize from a writing contest
you are a winner that's great
news thanks betty what can i do with the
money
i know i know you can give it to me
you are funny but i don't think so
maybe you can buy stock i don't know
anything about the stock market oh dear
i don't either i know
i can put the money in a bank account
you can put it in my bank account
betty i can save the money
in my account i know
i'm just kidding hey
i have an idea let's go to the diner
i can buy you lunch okay
goodbye come back soon
we're closed finally are you glad
i really am oh
is this your wallet no did a customer
forget it
i don't know maybe there is a lot of
money inside
maybe the owner's name is inside
oh right is there
id or a credit card
yes it says maxwell
maxwell only mom calls me maxwell
hey that's my wallet i found it
can i borrow your credit card you can't
use my credit card
it has my signature on it max
you have four credit cards in your
wallet
do you use them all yes why
are you in debt max is in debt
no i'm not i'm careful when i charge
things
maybe i can get a credit card um
a debit card is a better choice for you
why is a debit card better than a credit
card
using a debit card is like using cash
yes the money comes from your bank
account right away
that way you don't spend more money than
you have
oh so i won't go into debt
that's right and you don't pay interest
wow you're helping me manage my money
thanks you're still young
this is a great time to learn how to
manage your money
i agree the earlier you start the better
max who is the little girl
in this picture that's sarah really
that's so sweet i keep all my treasures
in my wallet
my money my credit cards and my little
sister
ah renee
is in the diner with simon's brother
rich
he has come from the big city to visit
his little brother
simon comes in to pick up renee after
work
he is surprised to see rich there
rich gives simon a big hug
rich has a card and gifts for him
you're giving me more gifts
to help me plan my finances
thank you rich
you're welcome one day you will be rich
like me
i don't want to be rich so
what is this card it's a cash card
they are popular in the city people say
they are the new debit cards how do you
use it
you scan the card when you pay for
something
then the money is taken from the card
how much money is on this card i put
five 500 on this card for you that's
very generous
rich this card is useless in small town
we don't have any cash card machines
use it when you visit me in the big city
rich you boys must be hungry
let me get you some chocolate cake
you have a great life yes i do
she's better than all the money in the
world
[Music]
oh yeah good morning max
how are you i'm great
you're happy this morning you're right
i'm
very happy this morning why i love
spring
flowers are beautiful the birds
are singing but max
spring isn't here yet i know but the
weather is getting warmer
no more winter
hey let's not work today get
simon and sarah we can have a picnic
that's a fun idea but we can't close a
diner today
what about our customers they can join
us at the park
no max we're spring cleaning today too
remember oh yeah
hey we're closing early this saturday
let's have a picnic then
great idea the weather
is still a little cold for a picnic
but we can still have fun yes i can cook
and clean let's not clean at our picnic
no let's clean now okay
i can clean the kitchen thanks
hey look at our daily special
what is it spring rolls
hey max do you have any special plans
for sunday
not really i'll probably just relax
sunday is my day off you know i know
but sunday is also easter this sunday
is easter oh no
don't you like easter oh it's a great
holiday i just remembered something
i'm cooking the easter breakfast at
church
you're cooking on your day off
i'm sorry max i'm not if max is cooking
then breakfast will be great
i'm looking forward to it already
i'm looking forward to small towns
easter activities in the afternoon
the parade the easter egg hunt the
easter egg hunt
oh no what's wrong
i am supposed to boil 200 eggs
and sarah is supposed to help decorate
them
so she doesn't know yet
this card says you are one in a million
that is really sweet can i give this to
jim
who's jim no one
he must be someone maybe he's even
someone
special sarah
is jim your special someone max
no jim is just a friend
he's not my boyfriend we are trying to
choose a valentine's day card for
sarah's friend
let me help you okay but
be nice i'm always nice
this one is cute
let's be friends to the end that is
cute what does it say on the inside
i love you sounds good
what no i don't
love jim i like jim he's my friend
let's keep looking is he your
sweetheart this card says
hello sweetheart
max i found one
it has a sweet message what does it say
does it say i have a crush on you
no it says thank you for being
my friend that's all that's all
that's not very romantic i know
i like it it's perfect
and i can write my own special message
your friend sarah
okay i'm done good
jim will appreciate your card read it to
us
no it's personal but i'm your brother
and you're a good brother thanks
i care about you sarah i want you to
know that
thank you max you're sweet
i know so will you read the card now
max you make me smile that's
better than making you cry
i might cry you two are so sweet to each
other
let me give you a hug
uh thanks max
you can give someone a hug too
who your special someone
what are you talking about i don't have
a special someone
well you do have a crush on a girl
she always gets the cheese omelette
let's not talk about that it's personal
simon betty you are two of my favorite
people
hugh you say that to everyone
but you are how
are you hugh i'm super thank you
how about you i'm doing well thanks
great i have something perfect for you
phew you say that all the time
what are you selling today i'm
selling this i love it
what do you think it's
a heart it's
a heart with arms
it's a heart hug heart
hug it's perfect for valentine's day
how many do you want
sorry hugh i don't want any
what what about you simon
you must want one for renee
i'm sorry hugh it's not the perfect gift
for her
come on you two let me give you a hug
no no that's okay maybe
max wants one yes
max likes heart hugs you're right
goodbye
this is delicious macaroni and cheese is
one of my
favorite dishes i know
i'm glad because it's easy to make
i can't believe you cooked this dinner
and
max even let you use his kitchen well
he knows we celebrated our first
valentine's day here
the diner is a special place for us
oh simon i fall in love with you more
every day
that's what marriage is about i agree
do you remember our first valentine's
day together
of course do you remember the poem i
wrote you
you wrote me a poem
you don't remember i'm just
kidding of course i remember we were
here
at the diner and you read the poem on
the stage
i was nervous and cute i'll never forget
that night
is that max in a bunny costume yes
this picture was taken a year ago max
and i went to the sweet home orphanage
on easter
that's great it was fun
we celebrated easter with the children
we gave them
easter baskets filled with candies and
cookies they love them
it's wonderful that you're going again
this year
yes i'm excited i'm writing letters to
the children
i hope they'll be encouraged you're
tired
yeah max and i stayed up late decorating
eggs for the easter egg hunt
go to bed early tonight i will
what are you and simon doing for easter
we're going to the easter service at
church
and then joining the town's activities
fun
but be careful during the easter egg
hunt
max and i were so tired last night that
we forgot to boil
some of the eggs oh no
max simon told me about your idea
i love it so you guys will go
sure we can go on sunday when the diner
is closed
great let's leave at 8 o'clock
that's early yes
i like to get an early start when i go
to the city
okay do you want to take two cars or one
let's take one car parking in the city
is expensive
okay we can take our car we'll pick you
up at your place at eight o'clock
great hey do you guys like
indian food i don't know is it good
it's delicious do you want to try it i
know a great restaurant in the city
i can make reservations for us okay
that sounds great i'm really looking
forward to this weekend
me too betty is sorting mail at the post
office
she sees an envelope with her name on it
she opens it it's a birthday card
when she opens the cart she hears music
betty closes the card betty opens the
card again
the music starts again betty laughs
and dances to the music
[Music]
hi betty nice music thanks my nephew
sent me this musical birthday card
isn't it fun it says
leap for joy it's your birthday
happy leap year birthday
that's great so are you excited for your
birthday tomorrow
yes i'm very excited i'm
thinking about getting engaged
what really no
not really but i could get engaged you
know
how do you know someone who wants to
propose to you
no but i could propose to someone
that's true some women do propose to men
they do now but years ago in great
britain
and ireland women could only propose
marriage on february 29th
really that's interesting
yes and you know what else what the man
couldn't say no what if he did
then he'd have to give the woman a gift
sounds like a perfect day for women
yes too bad it only
came once every four years
the first one familiar right
this one is pronounced cosmetic
cosmetic remember s here
so z okay cosmetic
now cosmetic you know things
like lipstick or foundation concealer
or eyeliner they are used to
put on your face to make you to be more
beautiful or attractive
you know just like put on a makeup so
you have to use
cosmetics cosmetic
cosmetic for number two i think you know
this one you know
what i mean is you know the meaning of
the word right the popular styles of
hair or clothes or anything
but remember don't pronounce a fashion
it's not
fashion it's actually a
faction fashion
for number three um this one very
familiar
um mosquito mosquito you know when you
are sleeping the mosquitoes
can bite you and makes you hurt
okay so mosquito
remember s here mosquito
not more sweet dog
mosquito mosquito or you can even
pronounce
mosquito for
number four this one is not
that this one
b this b here is silent so we just
pronounce
that that you know when you are in depth
that means you
owe somebody you know the money
or things like that that you owe
somebody something um now
for number five recommend
this one is not very common or recommend
okay it's recommend
recommend recommend that means to
introduce or to tell somebody something
is
good or useful or suitable to do or
it can also mean that to
advise somebody to do something
recommend
recommend for number
six this one please don't pronounce so
much
even though this one here is just like
watch or catch or teach right but this
one is pronounced summer
stomach tell me the reason why i'll tell
you the reason why well i don't know
stomach okay so just remember not that
much
no stomach okay
stomach um stomach is actually
an organ inside your body where the food
is contained
stomach for number seven
um this one is marriage
remember g e here
so we have to pronounce marriage not
mary h okay marriage
marriage is actually the legal
relationship
um between a husband and a wife
marriage for
number eight um you know this one right
uh but don't pronounce finance
or phoenix is finance
finance and remember ce here
is s finance finance
um threat second syllable or you can
even
stress first syllable finance
finance or you can pronounce
finance f here for finance
but i usually pronounce finance
finance okay um
finance you know things to do with money
now number nine
we can't you can pronounce we
can't just like american oh sorry
we can't british english and for
american english stress
the first syllable weekend but
don't ever pronounce weekend that
weekend
okay we can't or we can't
you know saturday and sunday um
and the last one
um when you see this one you can
maybe you can see the similarity between
nature right so you think it is major or
just like future or things like that but
actually
actually this one is mature
mature mature or you can pronounce as
t mature mature okay
or mature anything but usually i would
pronounce this one
mature mature c h
this one t-u-r-e sure
future future
feature feature
nature number three
t-u-a-l chor
cho actually
actually puncture
puncture virtually
virtually
s t i
o n
question question
suggestion suggestion
congestion congestion